# Self_Assessment
## Analysis and Summary
Throughout the project, I wanted it to be my goal to be whatever I needed to be for my group, the part that I emphasized ended up being the data manipulation and the project visual presentation. All of this started with a major challenge as our group started with a different topic for the first two classes, and lost a group member as well. We made up a lot of time with quick teamwork of analyzing and editing the data and using jupyter notebook to really get what we wanted. One thing my team did a great job of really all contributing to everything whether it be assistance with code or assistance finding how to do something and also overall looking over things for verification. This group excelled in that category.
## Final
Our project was supposed to be football. It's what I wanted, and my group was on board with similar interests and we had data. Things happened and honestly it didnt necessarily align with what we believed the project goals were. We eventually decided on the Titanic data after searching around for a while and really bouncing around with no view. This data ended up being really cool seeing how the models could predict whether a passenger survived or not.


What was really cool and honestly getting to work closely with these two super cool guys and honestly tackle uncharted territory as a group. We used neural network and random forest models while playing around with a couple others, and they seemed to around 60% effectively predict what we were trying to achieve. Seeing this data that was pretty much stuff that I knew in a different light and really giving a different angle on the data. Our biggest challenge started when our idea was shot down and a group member left, but id go to war with my two guys any day of the week. They were rockstars.
